Not found
Today is a piano talk about a little Hiroshima today
This time I introduce the pattern of the practice of piano accompaniment and do the combination of both hands
I would like to
It is g minor and c to use this time
I think you want to do this with piano rose's electric piano
Well just keep the only is it sound
Hmm
ban
I think it will be like this a
A little
Although the two days the fish we do not is so much more
Drum-like effects by breaking it apart
I think it was noticeable in the demonstration that you can put out
Hmm
ni
r
Ni
re
Well let's do together like this will be a phrase like this
It's So first of all that I do, but at the g minor, which will go from the left
g
G to me turd
This one 8 timing 1 salt
At the timing of the wine salt with marriage 16
Up to in flag b
And c
This is not be glad
Long finger b forefinger
If I hold this down with a thumb , I'm going to give it a go and have fun
craze is were n tight ase
It becomes Fu that the Bonn-end
The first summer 81 years gastritis dangle 16 Day
I chose
I chose sony when the water was 16 yen too
Home in 16 and good with mass store
Yay N enthusiasm ng Poi
Water to dubai
Pop
I'm going to the sea from actual g
You just're using the landscape but is to end up doing this well this Nema Garden with
4 n Boone
That's how you come here
Now is the right hand, but g minor
g minor is
ff I'm playing at the root of my thumb and chi-ha-o so I'll skip g minor's
Minor third b flat brave and
Fest d kan
This is my little finger
This goes to the third beat Wine selected water
4 wanwan
n 4
Party ana
Four
To the bathroom
Hmm
Four
It's c code in 4 so it's good for gc
Salt thumb and let
Worth eating a good middle finger
It will be the fin through of c
It is the responsibility of not vinegar I drive is the right think to do this
Wow turn
Turnh
Panch
Gann
When you enter turn 24
I think a good idea to image
Well then, if you cut the left hand, it will be combined
I always do this when I keep this rhythm in tune
So Nevertheless in with this time than we are before every 16
Let's play loudly and play like this
Let's go to 1st place 2
Pom 1 water
ban
me
Burn ana
It looks like this
That first two nights are amazing
I think it's simple ya Something is right here
1 a water n
2 It is immediately Long-tailed Tit Yes felt in the left hand Once in
It is N and three Aidan here wine Kainunnna
See price after all, if not not a 3 dates Yeah head line
Ender finally
It is note that enters and is N this wine
Boo Boo good
me
r 1 r
anr
In the beat that you are really really hitting the drum by making louder and louder
Will be heard
Well then , let's do it while playing a little drag
Boo boo re j
anr fr
Yes i feel like this
Yes
Like this, even with a simple sound on the left and right hand
Quite possible to listen to the funky ones by either use if the space It is a space rhythm
By all means in the can
Wearing patterns and applying various
Code even if instead of being Hosah only So in what the wind that we consider ending the rhythm
Please try making it so rude